Of course I know. I'm the assistant to President Lu Enterprises
What does assistant mean?
Please make it clear to me.
No, you don't have to say it.
I can't let him not three no
Four people enter our route.
It was confirmed today that the novel destroyed your daughter-in-law
What is a pearl made of?
This is the testimony of the results
Even if he is dry
I think he has a plan too
He is here to climb this high branch
Mom, it's your son who has risen to the top
What do you mean?
It's not just about the Gu family
He is also a master Lin in the art world
How is that possible mom
I can't lie to you!
Why didn't you tell me earlier?
Now he thinks I'm a demon mine.
Maybe I'm in his heart
It has already emerged.
This
Ouch, what am I still doing?
Go and chase them back
Go quickly
OK
Qianyuan, listen to my explanation
What do you two sing about in your company?
My sister is not immune to this kind of anger, Xiao Rui
It doesn't represent strength now
I'm talking about your parents.
Sister, let's go home and have a look.
Mom didn't come to participate because she was seriously ill
Love, you don't need to listen to my explanation.